Theme Tune: [Music]
Al: Hello farmers and welcome to another episode of the harvest season. My name is Al.
Kevin: My name is Kevin.
Al: And we're here today to talk about
Al: Artemis to space space and the moon. No, we're not. We're not. We're here today to talk about
Kevin: Oh, space.
Kevin: Could be.
Al: the cardscore games. We could we could be maybe. Have you been following any of the the the
Kevin: We might we might be closer than you think.
Kevin: Um, I outlook is extending its mayhem into space.
Al: I know they fixed the plumbing, they fixed the plumbing.
Kevin: the poor men doesn't work or something.
Kevin: And I just I've caught glimpses here that I haven't followed to the fix upon me, but not the outlook
Al: All right, well, we're going to talk about this episode, we're going to talk about the,
Al: I've titled it Pookie, the Pookopia personality, in so much as obviously a lot of the
Kevin: Uh huh.
Al: Pokemon have personalities and I thought it may be interesting to talk about the different ones that
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: particularly Kevin, uh, late because I know that
Al: Kevin has a lot of opinions.
Kevin: Yes.
Kevin: Yep.
Al: on these things and I have, I have certainly enjoyed some of the personalities.
Kevin: Co-copia is my personality.
Al: I don't like people in general and so I'm obviously a lot of the
Al: Pokémon will probably just grab me up the wrong way because they're talking to me.
Kevin: [Laughter]
Al: But we will talk about that as well. So we're going to talk about that.
Al: Before that, we have some news. First of all, Kevin, what have you been up to?
Kevin: Yeah, take a look at that, I've been playing, Opia 2.
Al: Mm-hmm
Al: Okay, Kevin what have you been up to in PCopia?
Kevin: I've played, I have started, Opia 2, meaning I have tried the Cloud Islands.
Kevin: Oh dear, God, that's a dangerous place, huh?
Al: Nice. They go on.
Kevin: Yeah, it's, I mean, I feel like there'll be a place in time to talk about in detail, but it...
Al: That will be, but you can talk about it a little bit, just now.
Kevin: Yeah, I mean, okay, so I started it with our
Kevin: mutual friend Mark, you open up an island and I pop by your island too. Wow, I mean, it's just first of all, it's randomly generated, right? Unlike pallet town, it's each cloud island's different. So that's an element of fun.
Kevin: And to unlike pallet island, you can't bring stuff from your other areas. So it's kind of a challenge because you know, beings are important to break those harder blocks and how do you get those?
Al: Although, although, and yeah, maybe we're talking about it too much if we're going to talk about it in another episode, but your buffs carry over.
Al: So if you eat before you go, then you can you can break books quicker that way.
Kevin: Oh, I didn't catch that.
Al: Obviously, it's not that efficient, you're not going to like eat a steak and then head over to the Cloud Island.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: And once you run out disconnect from the Cloud Island, any another steak, it's not a very efficient way to do things.
Al: - Bye.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah, and you also have magnumite, right?
Al: - Yeah.
Kevin: Like, magnumite is the answer to everything.
Kevin: So it's not like you don't have the tools.
Kevin: But just it's an interesting, um, just how the setup is.
Kevin: like build from scratch.
Kevin: With your tools, but not necessarily all your stuff.
Kevin: So, yeah.
Kevin: And again, RNG, the eyelids, very.
Kevin: So, how you handle that, very cool.
Kevin: And I will just say a synchronous nature of it,
Kevin: where I just set the island and mark can visit it.
Kevin: Well, I'm sleeping and I'm playing when he's sleeping.
Kevin: Very cool.
Kevin: Very, very cool.
Kevin: So, yeah.
Kevin: Now, very cool.
Kevin: - Yeah, it's just reinvigorated like that.
Kevin: I have stopped laying, but it's just a whole new obsession for me to dive into in the obsession.
Kevin: But it's the other than Pocopia.
Kevin: I have actually finally booted up other games out, it's true.
Kevin: I did Tetris, there was Tetris events from Mario Galaxy, because the movie and the Mi Bo K amount,
Kevin: and so they did a little Tetris event from Mario Galaxy.
Kevin: It's Tetris. It's good. The music was fine. I haven't seen that movie yet.
Kevin: Sadly. It got me to close Bookopia for a minute, so it's happened. I'm being weaned off, at least for now.
Kevin: Oh, that's adrenaline. Yeah, that's about the only interesting stuff going on. How about you? Well, what's up?
Al: Uh, yeah, obviously I've been playing PCopia still quite a bit, uh, I feel like I'm getting
Al: close to starting to wind down my, my playing on it because as, as, as we all know, I'm
Kevin: Sure. Yeah.
Al: not like an infinite game player for most things, um, and I, so basically I've got all
Al: of the areas, including Palette Town now at, at environment level 10, so that was one
Al: of my goals.
Al: Um, it gets quite easy near the end, right?
Al: once you've kind of figured out how to do
Al: it and you've got a lot of stuff, right? Like I have just chests full of beds and chairs and doors and toys and all that stuff and you just like throw all in your inventory and then you just figure out what environment they like and then if they like a bright environment you put them in a house with a bunch of lights, if they like a warm environment you put them in a house with fires near it, if they like a dark, you put them in a cave away from the other two.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: You made, I just throw them in a lake and you just put some stuff near them and they end up quite happy and then you go around giving them all berries and I think I got a pallet tone from not having done anything to level 10 in two days.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, you can absolutely do that like once you figure it out
Kevin: Yeah, even if you don't have that much like you can press stuff easily enough like even the basic stuff take you for
Al: - Yeah, I was probably doing things
Al: a little bit unnecessarily, right?
Al: 'Cause obviously you can share things between houses.
Kevin: Yeah that too, yeah
Al: But it's also simple stuff like if you have a legendary,
Al: then they're happiness increases quicker than the others.
Al: And yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Oh really? I didn't catch that.
Al: And if they're in either a block built house
Al: or one of the other houses,
Al: they increase more quicker than if they're in a,
Al: I have a normal habitat.
Al: It's exactly so moving them all into house moving them all into houses getting the
Kevin: Yeah, just the patch of grass and the field.
Al: legendaries in and giving them you know give them all a bed give them all a toy
Al: give them all a decoration and you very quickly build it up so you can you can do it
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah, up your halfway there. Yeah. I saw your card. I and each person gets their
Al: much more efficiently if you just have things between the houses as well but I was
Al: like that's that's too much effort so I just built my I just built my six by six
Al: squares and through and this stuff that they need.
Al: And segregated them based on what they wanted.
Al: Yeah, so yeah, I kind of wish I found more joy in the designing of bigger things and
Kevin: each three Pokemon get their own bit.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: the making of nicer houses, I kind of wish I wanted to do that, but I can't make myself
Kevin: No, it's fair.
Al: and I've kind of come to the realization that there's no point in trying if I'm not enjoying that.
Kevin: It, yeah, it's also hard to kind of a little bit.
Kevin: Or it requires a lot of focus at the bare minimum.
Al: Yeah. Yeah.
Kevin: Like, obviously, I've been playing this game in human amounts of time.
Kevin: And I haven't done anything.
Kevin: Being, you know, viral on Twitter, whatever.
Kevin: Like, I restored some of the buildings and saffron.
Kevin: That's, I'm fixing up the SS and that's kind of nice.
Kevin: But those, you know, already had the templates, right?
Kevin: Like, that's not, you know, constructing the world tree that dispenses all the fruit or whatever.
Kevin: Like, it takes a certain something to do that kind of stuff.
Kevin: So, um, no, I don't blame you.
Kevin: But, um, uh, and it's also like, I can understand why it's hard.
Kevin: because something.
Kevin: So I'm sure this paralysis, right? You have 18 colors of so many different things. How do you mix and match and oh my goodness. It's a lot. But but now I get it.
Kevin: But hey, you're hitting all the checkpoints. That's good. You can wind down until the DLC drops.
Al: So yeah, I've got that.
Al: So all the environmental levels up to 10,
Al: I've also, my Pokedex has hit 190.
Al: So I'm getting there.
Al: And that's out of 303 is that I think.
Kevin: Yeah, are you are you gonna complete it?
Al: I mean, that's my current goal is getting to that point.
Al: I don't know if I'll get bored before that,
Al: 'cause 110 is still quite a lot to get,
Al: especially as most of them need new,
Al: - You need habitats.
Al: I don't know, we'll see.
Al: I'm currently, so I literally just got the final
Al: legendary bird today, so I've got all three of them.
Al: And yesterday I got the final legendary beasts,
Al: so I've got all three of them.
Al: So as I say, I've got both bells for Ho and Lugia.
Al: So that's what I'm aiming for.
Al: Hopefully I'll hear them soon and I can get them.
Al: I noticed that you don't actually,
Al: so I know you can re-encounter Volcanion and Mewtwo
Al: to get them to move into your town.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: But you don't need to do that for them
Al: so they're already registered in my Pokédex.
Al: So I don't know if I'll go through the effort
Al: of getting them just to get them to move into my town
Al: because that feels like something you would do
Kevin: sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: if you cared about them, right?
Al: Whereas I'm just like, at this point,
Al: I want to get the Pokédex complete, maybe.
Al: But we'll see.
Al: So 110 left to go,
Al: let's see how I am in a week.
Al: I think, I'll spend this week doing it.
Al: And if I'm getting pretty close by the end of the week,
Al: then I'll probably push through and get the final ones done.
Al: But I suspect that will be me done until some DLC comes out
Kevin: Sure. Or...
Al: because, as I say, like, I'm not into, like, big,
Al: I tried to make, like, a big tree house in Witherd Wasteland.
Al: And I got there and I was reasonably pleased with it.
Al: But part of the problem is I'm just like,
Al: I just can't make it look as nice as other people.
Al: So I just look at it and be disappointed.
Kevin: It's a human thing, I don't blame you.
Al: And so why do I bother putting in all that effort?
Al: Yeah, I wish I could care less about that,
Al: but it's just one of those things.
Al: Like, if I'm not enjoying the designing process and also,
Al: and also I'm not impressed with what I end up doing.
Al: And I think it doesn't look as good as the other ones,
Kevin: Yeah?
Al: then there literally is no joy in that, right?
Kevin: Yeah
Al: If you just enjoy making it and at the end of it,
Al: you're like, eh, it's not as good as others.
Al: Then at least you enjoyed the process of it,
Al: but I didn't particularly enjoy the process of building it either.
Kevin: Yeah. Sure. Sure. That's fair. It's, yeah, it's enough space. Yep.
Al: But yeah, so my, my pallet tape.
Al: And then when I encounter a Pokemon, when I encounter a Pokemon, I check if they're the last one to get in that habitat. And if they are, I just leave them there. And if there's another one in that habitat, I move them into a house. I think we're just, that is how we're doing. So we'll see how I go. I think I'm maybe halfway through the habitats. So that's probably like most of the Pokemon I still have to get are just these unique habitats.
Kevin: [laughs]
Al: Which I think their annoying thing about it is the ones that only spawn in specific areas. So I like I'll need to go back to sparkling Skylands and do specific habitats there because.
Kevin: There's very few of those, um, all things considered.
Al: Yeah, but the problem is I'm down to, you know, when you've got more than half of them, it's like quite a lot of a large percentage of what have got left are in specific areas. That's the problem.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Oh, sure. I guess something. Yeah.
Al: But we'll see, we'll see where I am in a week because yeah, I'll spend this week playing it because we're.
Al: You know, what a week and a half away from Tom and actually life. So I'll, it's my hard stop before DLC probably.
Kevin: Oh, that's your hard stop. I guess.
Kevin: Sure, sure. Um,
Al: Unless I'm like super close in which case, like I cannot see myself playing Tom and actually life for weeks, you know that I just, I can see myself having fun for a few days and it'll be interesting to see how it goes.
Al: But I just I cannot see my life being like, oh, I must play more talent.
Al: But actually, right, like it doesn't really feel like it's a me game, but I'm looking forward to at least trying it out and seeing how it goes.
Kevin: Mm. Sure, that makes sense. Um, yeah, I don't know. I'm, I haven't played the Sims or Tom about your life. So I don't know if I'll get it.
Kevin: But I know the, the internet will shift towards it when it comes out though.
Al: Yeah, yeah, it'll be interesting to see I've obviously the demos out. So I've been seeing some of the content
Al: Despite Nintendo trying to stop you from seeing it. Obviously people have just been recording it with the phones
Kevin: Uh huh, it's pretty great, it's pretty great.
Al: We're still gonna see people's slurs. We're just just not gonna be automatic
Al: Makes it slightly more awkward to get them
Al: Alright
Kevin: Oh, yeah.
Al: That's what we've been up to
Al: We're gonna talk about some games
Al: news, some news. First up, Paleo Pines Kevin, Spinosaurus Update's coming out on the 20th of April.
Kevin: That took forever
Al: I know. I feel it was not last year that they announced it sometime.
Kevin: Yeah, definitely was
Al: And we're in April now.
Kevin: um
Kevin: And it was data-mind to be like in the game like
Kevin: At least some parts of it like forever ago on like near release. I'm pretty sure so that
Al: Yeah, and it's interesting because you wouldn't think like just adding in one dinosaur would be such a big deal, like how long it would take.
Kevin: Mm-hmm
Kevin: Yeah, I don't oh, I don't know um like
Kevin: I mean, okay, here's the thing, right? So like a lot and from what I remember Pila finds, right?
Kevin: There's certain skeletons or classes of dinosaurs
Kevin: We're a lot of them are kind of not variations of each other, but they don't have the same general shape or function, right?
Kevin: So you can see how you can you know
Kevin: Use the skeleton of one to
Kevin: Get a head start on another design. So I don't know if this is a brand new one. I don't know
Kevin: like
Kevin: Again, function wise that there's a lot going on.
Kevin: It's just and they've done this a few times where they just released like one dinosaur and I talked about it before I'm not a big fan of that
Kevin: Like it's not gonna get me to boot it up just a single dinosaur, right?
Kevin: If you give me a batch of maybe
Kevin: I don't know five or whatever maybe, but uh, yeah
Al: Interesting okay
Kevin: It's a shame to I like to spend source
Al: Not enough you didn't like it enough
Kevin: Nah, yeah
Kevin: It's fun sourcing. Hope it
Kevin: There's other stuff. There's what is it?
Kevin: Discovery's, when shooting stars, that's cool.
Kevin: You can get core and stuff like that.
Kevin: Adding more dialogue, that's that's a fun one.
Kevin: But you know, I honestly didn't think I'd see another update.
Kevin: Like I totally forgot about it.
Kevin: It was out of my mind, so I thought if it never came out, I wouldn't.
Kevin: Maybe you thought about it.
Al: Yeah. Well, we shall see. I guess, uh, I'll see if Spencer is going to
Al: bit it up for the Spinosaurus or something. Next up, we have now, this is
Al: going to sound like it's a brand new game that we haven't talked about. But I
Al: promise you, we have talked about this game. So this game is called village
Al: in the shade. I have never said that phrase. And that's because this game is
Al: actually Hano Guarashi no Niwa, which up until this point we had assumed
Al: was gonna be Japanese only.
Al: But they have announced that they are going to bring it translate it to English as well and the English name is village in the shade.
Kevin: I'm watching. It's Joe. Oh, that's is Japan as we get. We're in the mountain edge app.
Kevin: Japanese region overgrowth. It's a very nice art. Let's see, I don't remember this. I
Kevin: I could vaguely remember it, but I like the isometric view.
Al: Yeah, we we didn't talk about it a huge amount because obviously we were pretty sure it wasn't going to be coming, but yeah, the intro. So it is interestingly that the steam page just says enjoy quiet countryside living in a Japanese village in this brand new farming game, just make you make sure you know the rules or else.
Al: This is a horror game and it might this is the horror this is the horror game you might it might not be clear from that description, but this is a horror farming game.
Kevin: Wait, is this the horror game? The one gets terrifying?
Kevin: For goats that one sick. Oh, I'm down for that. Yeah
Al: So so in the in the description that says just make sure to follow a few simple rules don't talk to strangers don't leave the village and whatever you do don't go out at night.
Kevin: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. That's the worst kind of this is like the three worst rules you can have
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: You know, I mean unless you're like a little kid or whatever, but you know in general that those are the village rules
Kevin: You know bad things are out there sick
Kevin: Very excited village in the shade sick very excited
Al: The also announced a couple months ago that there will be a setting where you can create a save file that is
Al: Hororless as it doesn't have any of the horror
Kevin: Oh, I just did just the ignorant say followers now. It's fine. Don't worry about it
Al: Yeah. So yeah, interesting. I am looking forward to
Kevin: Sick, yeah, I am - I wonder how skill I will see like how poor are we going cuz you know the more the better
Al: Yeah I do we interesting to see um I think if it weren't I do you think the
Al: horrorless version of it is interesting because I don't looking at this I'd not sure I would
Al: be interested in playing this game if it was that just that because it's kind of generic
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: It's it's nice, but nothing's special. It's outstanding now. Yeah, that's the problem, right?
Al: yeah exactly so I'm not sure who looks at this and goes oh that horror farming
Al: game yeah let's play that but turn off the horror you know
Kevin: [Laughter]
Kevin: Like the copio, but you don't get any journal entries turn off the journal entries
Al: so yeah well we'll see we'll see how that goes we'll keep an eye on that
Al: know that it's on uh steam with some English description hopefully they'll update the news
Al: and I can just follow it that way next we have Farlands they have released their 0.9 the wedding
Al: update.
Al: It includes weddings, funnily enough, it includes 25 new events, obviously the weddings, and it says a much needed arc rework. I'm not sure what that means. Because I think, I think the arc is their ship, I presume. I haven't played this game.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, uh-huh.
Kevin: don't either. Okay. Yeah, I haven't either. Um, I don't know what I'll say this mid weddings,
Kevin: but in a game with the very substantial non-human population is something. Yep. Yeah. I wonder,
Kevin: just look, the poster or the image they're showing, you're marrying bunny person. So, you know,
Kevin: gosh, that haircut looks off on that bunny. Um, but what to, you know, how far are we going? I don't know.
Kevin: This guy isn't even in the limit. We're in space. So,
Kevin: oh, um, oh, wait, I forget, there's eight batches of matches. Yeah, I don't know who it is. One of
Kevin: is a bunny person. Can I marry a robot? I don't know.
Al: I have no idea
Al: And our final non-new game in news is Minlay and Garland
Al: They're now available on Nintendo Switch, so there you go
Kevin: Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Al: This update also includes some new cats and dogs
Kevin: Yeah, uh, it's good, good for you, okay?
Kevin: Um, sorry. No, I'm just, you pat, you, you know, uh,
Al: Good for you well done
Kevin: yeah. Like, depending out in the switch is good.
Al: Sound more patronizing
Kevin: I'm sorry. I just, I try to remember this game is I don't
Kevin: remember this game, but uh, um, they made it switch.
Al: But that's because there are too many farming games now
Kevin: Yes. Yeah. I mean, yeah. It's not even there fault.
Kevin: Um, yeah. I don't know.
Al: Well, I mean they decided to make a farming game, so you know
Kevin: Yeah, that is...
Kevin: It's true. Stop doing that, people.
Al: Yes, stop giving us games that we like come on
Kevin: Except you will make a force.
Al: Okay. We also have two new games. We actually have more than that by the stage.
Al: Only to have to this episode because I don't want to spend the entire episode talking about new games.
Al: First up is Budge's bug shop. A short incremental game about catching bugs and running a shop.
Al: Upgrade equipment, purchase game-breaking abilities and maximize the profits of your
Al: budget-powered Empire.
Kevin: Okay, so first all the art is is something like it's almost minimalistic. It's it's
Al: I love how simple is.
Kevin: Yeah, it's it's great. I'm a big fan of the art the insects like I don't know what's going off catching them
Kevin: But the it's chaotic like panic really quickly
Kevin: Then there's combos and stuff like
Kevin: The original or the the basic thing there's like the square
Kevin: And there's bugs that
Kevin: and you're dropping like another square to catch them, but it starts filling up really fast.
Al: Yeah, you're you're like drawing over them essentially
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, as they're moving around.
Kevin: So that's interesting, right?
Kevin: It's not, you know, just swing your net.
Kevin: So maybe they're cooking something there.
Kevin: And then the shop is literally a white background and like a cash register
Kevin: and an employee bird selling the bugs or whatever.
Kevin: There's a skill tree thing going on.
Kevin: I don't know what's going on.
Kevin: This is not particularly wild.
Kevin: But very deep.
Kevin: I'm a fan of this.
Al: Yeah, I'm definitely gonna keep an eye on this. It's got our planned release date of Q2 this year and there is currently
Kevin: Oh good for them. I'm keen on this. There's just one other element and you have to read,
Kevin: it's been in the lines here. It's budgies, they know the bird, your budgie selling insects to other
Kevin: budgies. So presumably everything's going to get eaten. You are running a supermarket.
Al: Yeah
Kevin: So I guess there you go. Yeah, it's good for you.
Al: specialists supermarket. Some of these, some of these
Al: catching levels look like they're going quite busy, and it
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Little vampire survivory. Let's see my gun. Yeah.
Al: looks like you can set up multiple shops, shop
Al: counters or something. So I feel like this game will start off
Al: really slow, but very, because it said game breaking
Al: abilities, like this is going to get quite weird, quite
Al: quickly, I think. Possibly or possibly, um, paper clip
Al: Game or?
Al: Cookie clicker sort of thing like where it feels really slow to start with but once you've got a bunch of stuff
Al: It's like everything's happening all at once
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. This does seem like cookie clicker just in general. I don't see like an end goal.
Kevin: I don't imagine a story or anything. Like people have said you're getting bigger and bigger.
Kevin: Very fun. I guess. Yeah. This is a short incremental game. Huh. Cool.
Al: I don't know, I wouldn't be surprised
Al: if there's certainly some environmental storytelling.
Al: As you say, 'cause like you're a budgie
Al: and like we're living into that,
Al: maybe we get some stuff there, I don't know.
Al: We shall see, we'll keep an eye on it.
Al: And the other game to talk about is called Spirit Rancher.
Al: Spirit Rancher is a farming sim with a twist.
Al: All your crops are alive.
Kevin: Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Al: Every aspect of nature has a spirit that you can capture.
Al: Use them to fight, craft, intricate ecosystems
Al: sustaining ranch, explore the land of Spirit Rancher
Al: and paint life back into the land.
Kevin: Um, OK, so at first I was being, you know, uh, little mean spirited because first of all that name.
Kevin: Oh, that's rough, guys. Sorry, just, you know, playing the, the yachty, right? What, what,
Kevin: basic cottage core words are we using a good spirit, Rancher? Um, and then farming game with twist.
Kevin: Oh, oh, oh, who's he never for? Yeah. Um, but yeah.
Al: We love a twist. It stars you, Bob.
Kevin: Um, but this
Kevin: The actual thing where all your see you're not even farming. It is ranching because you're putting things in a pen. So it's kind of like a Pokemon ranching thing and and they're doing stuff. Um, there are looks like crops in general. Um, yeah, all right, you you actually got my interest. Um, some of the arts. Okay. Um, it's, uh, it's not it should be like proportions. So you're already standing out a little.
Kevin: Yeah, I don't know. I'm interested.
Kevin: You're using a paint brush as a weapon tool thing. That's kind of cool.
Kevin: Yeah, I'm I I am genuinely intrigued. I'm sorry you have that name, but
Al: [laughter]
Kevin: there is something here. No release date window. That's a shame.
Kevin: Come on, spirit venture. You gotta you gotta fight to keep me interested.
Kevin: Man, why do you have the start and it's not just you, but the Stardew inventory just
Kevin: everywhere. Um, anyways, it's fine. The design's are cute. I like the monsters. Okay. What else?
Al: All right. Yeah, it's, it looks nice. It certainly looks nice. The question is whether that will
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: translate to interesting gameplay or not.
Al: Always a question. All right, that's the news.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Kevin: Oh, we did it.
Al: Now we are going to talk about, and I say we, I think Kevin will have a lot more opinions than me.
Al: We're going to talk about the personalities as I've called it.
Al: Pocopia personalities and I think it would be interesting to talk about the not necessarily, well, maybe some individual pokemon, but also just the personality of the game and yet what it puts forward with the the the pokemon and how they feel and you know how true they are to what you would expect, I think, I think that might be interesting to talk about so where'd you where'd you want to start, I guess.
Kevin: Mm hmm. Yeah, all right, they're ready.
Al: We've got 300 pokemon and they're all mostly unique, although I will say there was one point that was one point where I thought really cool he was interesting and unique because of the way it talked and then I found another pokemon that talked very much like.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, that's uh, that's kind of uh, okay, I put this I think that's a common experience. It happened to me too
Kevin: Because you know as you're going through the story
Kevin: Like you're encountering vocal and they have enough like personalities that they they because yeah kind of like animal crossing
Kevin: There's a handful of Pokemon that share a same personality shame the search type of dialogues and so on
Kevin: But it's a decent amount
Al: Yeah, it's not just fat, it's not just seven repeated, so it doesn't, you're not constantly bumping into the same ones all the time.
Kevin: Um, right, like I don't have them all categorized.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Kevin: Yeah, and at the very least like I don't know if it's every single Pokemon, but
Kevin: At least when you meet them like they will make you know specific individualized dialogue about the Pokemon, right? Like
Al: Yeah, yeah, no, I think I was probably being a little bit unfair when I talked about feeling the same
Al: It's not it there was one so when you ask a Pokemon to come with you
Al: They'll always have a little thing they say and really clearly says departure and I was like well
Al: That's really interesting
Al: It's very unique for that Pokemon and then I came across two other Pokemon that also said departure
Al: When you when you asked them to follow you and so what it's not that their whole personality was the same
Al: it was like that one thing that me that felt really
Kevin: Mm-hmm.
Al: unique about that one Pokemon then wasn't unique but obviously when you take everything together right like the fact that he's a little train you know that that sort of stuff all put together feels really nice and it's like when I came across
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: our call first I noticed that if you if you have car call following you and you go on a train car call will just go on the tracks and I love that there's the detail of that.
Kevin: Yeah, it does goes on the track. Mm-hmm
Al: of like individual Pokemon doing unique things like that is yeah that was super fun.
Kevin: It's so good. Yeah
Kevin: Yeah, because um
Kevin: Yeah, I know you're right because yeah, I mean, let's be realistic, right? 300 Pokemon you're gonna need some stuff to carry over between right?
Kevin: You're gonna need a pool of
Al: Yeah. There are not 300, there are not 300 different ways to say yes, I'm going to come with you.
Kevin: dialogue or personality or mechanics
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: But they do do do a good job. Again, like each Pokemon will at least have the intro. Like when you meet it from the habitat, it'll talk about itself.
Kevin: And so like they do a good job of having a variety and you know, all these different areas, how they all the Pokemon are spread out. Like you don't start feeling any repetition until late game, I would say well past story completion.
Kevin: I mean it doesn't help that I mean it helps that you have
Kevin: the NPCs right which are totally unique so you know all they did they did a
Kevin: good job of adding enough variety to spice up the game but yeah so like so
Kevin: where do we start I mean okay first of all is take master still the best the
Kevin: answers yes I think masters
Al: Oh, yeah. For sure. I think all of the ones that are unique versions of Pokemon, which Ting Master definitely is because although
Al: the most of the characters design is the same, her hammer is different than a normal hammer and it's it's quite a fun design of a hammer.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Al: You know, it adds to the like tinkering aspect of of Ting Master the the addition of other tools to the hammer.
Al: But I think yeah, all of them are are interesting in all of themselves
Al: they're probably the top tier of the Pokémon, even Mosslax, who is basically just Snorlax.
Al: Like, his personality isn't really any different, other than the fact that he literally
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: will never move, other than that, like, is basically the same, right?
Al: But yeah, I think they're all particularly interesting, but yeah, Tingmaster is the most interesting
Kevin: Yeah, one hundred percent. Um, so excuse me. Um, yeah. Okay. So yeah. So I mean, I talked about the
Kevin: NPCs in the lab. So Johnny bit. So we don't have to hash over them. But I think they're all
Kevin: well done. Um, I don't know if there's any others you want to talk about. Um, it's interesting,
Kevin: some, well, they're not even NPCs, but like the legendary Pokemon, obviously they get a little
Kevin: story bit and so you learn about them. But then when you can recruit them later to live with you,
Kevin: just become, um, you know, a standard Pokemon. There's nothing too much special about them. Um,
Kevin: if anything, the, the, one of the few you can't actually recruit to live with you,
Kevin: Ty Ogre continues to stand out because he's such a limited experience. They made him different. And, uh,
Kevin: and he's also one of my favorites because I think it's really funny. They just gave him a, you know,
Kevin: deep southern draw.
Al: Yeah. I think it's also fun. It isn't just the one time you encounter him as well.
Al: You can encounter him multiple times, but it will happen like randomly, which is fun.
Kevin: And in different areas, I didn't know that to this week.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Bloom of mine when you showed up at bleak beach, but it was like, "Hey, what's up?"
Kevin: And yeah, that was hype.
Kevin: So yeah, good job at the NPCs.
Kevin: Okay, so let's start thinking the other Pokemon.
Kevin: What's, I think, fun is that a lot of the store...
Kevin: The personality is already painted before you even recruit.
Kevin: them or talk to them because the habitats tell you a lot about them, right?
Al: Yeah. Yeah. So like, for example, I was, today I was just, I was getting POM, POM, POMO and POMOT and they, you access them through cafe related habitats, which is, is like, not really something you would think about that Pokemon in like Scarlet and violet, but it's a fun idea of like these are the cafe Pokemon.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Yeah, they like they like hanging around food that you're sure. I mean that they're
Al: why not?
Kevin: Yeah, most people use palm mode to crush your paint to get the berries, right? Because it's one of the few that spawn in bleak beach with that ability
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: But but yeah, there's a lot of Pokemon
Kevin: Now metagross is has four brains and super computer level intellect, but did you also know he's a
Kevin: Twitch streamer because
Kevin: You have to assemble I have it out of all the gaming furniture
Kevin: To spawn metagross, which is hilarious to me
Kevin: Absolutely one of my favorites
Kevin: A lot of the ghost Pokemon actually
Kevin: Will pop out of this one habitat for you. It's called but it's basically like a TV and a trash dump
Kevin: And the reason for that, I don't know if you've seen it out because they spawned out.
Kevin: Of the television, so it's like abandoned television, spooky vibe, ghost pops out, you know, it's like the Sedac or whatever, um, which is very fun, and so there's just all sorts of habitats like this that I absolutely adore. Yeah. Yeah, that's great. Yeah.
Al: Oh, interesting, yeah.
Al: Yeah, speaking of that, I like the evolutions where you're basically creating a tea party for them.
Al: It's very EV-related, right? Like, it's time to throw a time to throw a tea party for everyone
Al: and you get all their favorite foods.
Kevin: Yup, cafe remix. I like the foods, too, that they have to stay on on brand, right? Like, and glaze young gets a blue slushy. And somebody who is is a player on against the pizza. Yeah. Yeah. Because Florian's basic, and so that's all you get, Florian. Pizza.
Al: - Yes, yeah, yeah.
Al: I think so, yeah.
Al: I was a little bit expecting it to be the burnt cookies,
Al: but that was Joltian.
Al: Like, why is Joltian burning the cookies?
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Oh, man. That's great. Um, it's really funny how like they gave you those missions, but some of them are a lot harder than others.
Al: Yeah, and so beyond guess,
Al: it's like ridiculous over the top ribbon cake.
Al: Yeah, yeah, I still have, I still have to. I actually did, um, yesterday. I just, the, you know,
Al: the like power 50 things with electricity. Um, I, I literally just went and, and generate,
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: it created 50 tails. I just put them all out and connected them up with 10 generators,
Al: uh, 10 of the many generators. And I was like, they are done. It's sadly, I don't think
Kevin: Oh, that's amazing that that's incredible all that's good
Al: you can, uh, you can rush the bill.
Al: I think that I'll just take me some time, but I might try and get a bunch of the 15 minute builds and use those instead.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: I'm stuck with one flower. I can't figure out there's a flower I'm missing that haven't bloomed and I can't figure out which one it is.
Al: I'm annoyed about that. I have a living out of 12 flowers. Yeah, I know. It's just going to be it. It says effort. Come on.
Kevin: Uh oh. Line them up. Line them up. Uh. Back. Yeah. Um.
Al: And what's the other? There's one more that I've not seen.
Al: It's not done as well and I can't remember what that one was. Oh, no, I thought I had it.
Kevin: I haven't done most of them to be honest because I like some of them yet like like I said to power 50 objects that you got to be a little intentional there.
Kevin: But yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah now the evolutions are great. What a fun little implementation and in pallet town, right? But kind of blinks late.
Kevin: Good good use there. I think
Kevin: Man, I'm thinking I'm sorry. I'm just thinking of pallet town. You got the altars right for the three birds.
Al: Mm-hmm
Kevin: Like it's it's wild. How big are they really big?
Al: Do you know what do you know what I find interesting is the light those the legendary birds and legendary beasts
Al: Have the least unique personalities of any Pokemon in the game. They all just kind of feel pretty generic to me
Kevin: - Yeah.
Kevin: - Yeah, and similar.
Kevin: - Yeah, because they're kind of dignified and formal
Kevin: and whatever.
Kevin: - Yeah, I agree with that.
Kevin: Probably because, yeah, I don't know,
Kevin: 'cause yeah, they're all the same personality,
Kevin: like you said, right, like very similar.
Kevin: That's probably the problem.
Al: Yeah, I feel like they probably could have put more into them right because like they they do they are different
Kevin: - Yeah.
Al: But I mean they spawn in different areas, but that was really it like empty and sweet couldn't and
Al: Riku they just feel like the same character to me
Kevin: they do. You know, um, when I discovered, I forget, I think it's sweet converse. Um, obviously,
Kevin: I wasn't, or it was early on. So I wasn't prepared. I didn't realize, like, that's how you met
Kevin: them, like, it was just the random encounter. And so, yeah, yeah. Um, so the, the question then is,
Al: Oh yeah, that's quite quite quite a jump scare then
Kevin: okay, what do you do? I have sweet coo. What do you do with it? So I, I go back to the
Kevin: weathered wastelands because, you know, you're using Drifloon. Um, and I, I'd built the
Kevin: little, you know, six by six house for myself as dido, um, with the roof and everything was a nice
Kevin: little house, um, with like a bookcase and soap and a bed. So I, you know, I was like, oh, you know,
Kevin: what, go ahead, just become my roomy. Um, well, until I think of otherwise. Well, um, you know, within
Kevin: the next couple of days, I have all three beasts becoming my roommates. It gets pretty crowded in there.
Al: that feels like quite a dangerous house to live in.
Kevin: Yeah, a little bit, little bit. Oh, oh, man.
Kevin: Um, but yeah, that's, uh, you know what, oh, you know what else I think the problem is there, uh, interaction when you meet them. Isn't the same like other Pokemon? I think that might be part of the problem with the beast specifically.
Al: Possibly, but like you still could be doing something in that right because there are the yeah, you it you interact with each other like, Oh, I haven't seen people for ages. Oh, you're building a town. Let me come live there. They all say that.
Al: And it's like, okay. Okay. Fine. Sure.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's exactly yeah, that's the problem that's I'm saying they didn't do it
Al: But even when they're living in your town, they're not really doing anything different, right? It's like, Oh, I can, you know, like sure they have different abilities, but that's it.
Kevin: Nope, yeah
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: they don't really interact with it.
Al: I've got my chalk first and he was just trying to talk about working out to every Pokemon and no one seemed to be interested in it.
Kevin: Mm-hmm
Al: They were all just kind of ignoring him and like, "Yeah, yeah, however."
Kevin: Yeah
Al: And then I spawned my champ.
Al: In the same area, they were just, they were both like, then talking about it and really excited about it and like they ended up doing like a flex off.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: They were like, oh, look at my muscles. And it's just really funny how the fact that they were having like, you could actually almost see the disappointment in my joke when nobody would talk to him and then so excited when finally someone will talk to him about working out.
Kevin: That's the one that's about to bring you up right, that's the one that's famous and horrifying
Al: Yeah, the other, the other big one that people like is the the Bulbasaur and Paris one.
Al: Yeah. So sad. Yeah.
Kevin: and easy to trigger.
Kevin: I got an interaction. I don't know if you have to have a specific condition.
Kevin: But I had one between hair cross and pincer.
Al: Right. Yeah, I've seen that one as well
Kevin: But here's the thing.
Kevin: At the end of, I have to check because I feel like me.
Kevin: Either I'm incredibly lucky and everything just lined up or there's a little extra something.
Kevin: think because you know they start talking and they start arguing and fighting and then talking about the
Kevin: horns and whatever and then at the end of dialogue they mentioned well go down to see your face
Kevin: again and I'm glad I don't live with you but they actually did live with each other in the same house
Kevin: so again I don't know if that's just specific because of that scenario or just really lined up and it's
Kevin: really funny um oh they do well it's just really funny because they in fact do live in the same place
Al: think it's just I think they all I think they all say that yeah cuz I think that's yeah
Kevin: but yeah that's another popular one um I'm trying to think what other interactions um I'm
Kevin: obviously there's so many of them and you have to line them up so you know it can be hard to see
Kevin: them but I've seen some online um dragonite and metagross are pretty good um I don't
Al: Oh, of course, there's carbonite and tankmaster is of course a funny one
Kevin: oh I haven't seen that one what's that one tell me tell me
Al: Because they spawn they spawn in the same
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: In the sky at Lynch, yeah.
Al: I'm trying to, I can't remember what it was, but I need to, I think it was, I think that,
Al: I think that one was more less visible and it was more just kind of like,
Al: there wasn't like a specific conversation they had, it was just kind of things that they,
Al: are here we go. So they don't specifically talk about it, but when they're nearby,
Al: Tinkmaster, we'll start polishing their hammer.
Kevin: Really really
Al: And carbonate walks away from them.
Kevin: That's incredible
Al: Yeah, so it's more it's it's unsaid, but it's it's it's there. It's subtle.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, which is which in wild the right cuz that's another little extra step
Kevin: Because you know the Pokemon will quote-and-quote talk to each other and and it just didn't very moding towards each other
Kevin: And you can kind of figure out some stuff, but there are some specific interactions like that
Kevin: Have you seen mimic you and Pikachu
Al: I haven't, no, I've actually not spawned Pikachu. I've spawned Mimikyu. I love how Mimikyu
Al: spawns with the Pikachu sofa and the Pikachu plush together. Like that's such an on-brand thing
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's perfect. Um, I, I've, I've seen it where,
Al: for Mimikyu.
Kevin: again, similar to, uh, think it's on an end, or overnight, um, like, maybe few in
Kevin: picture will talk, be totally quote, quote, talking, like, doesn't dialogue, but you'll
Kevin: see, maybe you could just lash out at Pikachu, just like straight up attack, a shadow
Kevin: or whatever and Peach starts crying.
Al: Oh, yeah, that's funny.
Kevin: [laughing]
Kevin: And maybe he's all happy.
Kevin: It's really great.
Kevin: All these specific interactions.
Kevin: Of course, hit by me and hit on chance starts sparring.
Kevin: That's a photo up moment.
Kevin: It's great.
Al: I think this is where, you know, just in general terms, we were talking about how it's kind of like
Al: Animal Crossing in a way where you have like kind of similar personalities, but I think the thing,
Al: the where this works much better and I'm sure you will agree with this is that yes,
Al: they can be similar because people have personalities. There are similar personalities and
Al: people might say similar things, but they still all feel unique in a way, right? Like the fact that
Al: in animal crossing. You're never going to have
Al: that sort of thing, right? You have communications between different things, like you'd have between the jock and the, I can't remember the, there's like a narrative personality isn't there, but I can't remember what it's called.
Al: The personality types in animal crossing, I can't remember what their names are. There's a jock one, but there's the,
Kevin: Oh, I mean, it's like Jock from B.
Al: I can't remember the one, but like, you know, the, the jock will like, you know, personality will have like,
Al: like certain interactions with the other, the other personalities, but don't, you'd never really have unique ones between different characters, right? Like you're not going to have Raymond specifically having a conversation with Judy and there's only what, you know, there's a line of dialogue that only happens between those two characters.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Right. Yeah.
Al: So, I think that's where Pocopia works much more interestingly, because, because yes, there are some things.
Al: There are some things that are generic, but there are so many things that will only happen between two individual characters rather than two personality.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, absolutely, and and in like animal cross things defense or I guess like makopia has an advantage because it's
Kevin: You know these Pokemon are established right like through the anime through other games
Kevin: Pokedex entries like we there's expectations and directions, but you're right
Kevin: I mean even in animal crossing where maybe you don't have to do character to specific character at least they could do
Kevin: I don't know animal categories.
Kevin: Right? Like have cats and dogs have specific interactions where they argue more or whatever right?
Al: Yeah, yeah, that, yeah, exactly, because there's not, there's like, you know, what, 30 different
Al: jocks, but there's not going to, there's only going to be a couple of jocks cats. And so you would
Kevin: Yeah
Al: end up seeing things much less often if you did it like that. That's a really good point. Yeah,
Al: the specific combinations of, of animal and personality would certainly make that all
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Yeah, absolutely. Um, yeah, and yeah, it is like it's a shame because new horizons is obviously the worst offender of this issue
Kevin: Right because in the other ones there are at least more developed like maybe not specific special interactions
Kevin: But they were bored of a personalities, um, but you know, well, I guess we'll see next round if they change it and who knows Mike
Kevin: like, I think, Anna, it's interesting to see.
Kevin: There to think, right? Like, what lessons can it, what if animal crossing will take notes from
Kevin: pakopia? Because I think, like, Pokemon, obviously, is is learning lessons from pakopia's release and
Kevin: an incredible success. I don't, you know, I think other people at Nintendo probably will take
Kevin: notice animal crossing, obviously, being in the same neighborhood, um, the same wheelhouse, like, they're
Kevin: might want to take down some notes. So it would be interesting.
Al: Yeah, I certainly think they should be doing that in terms of personality and
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Al: Communications and stuff like that. I think that actually as someone that like I think that
Al: Animal Crossing would be better for me if certain things happen to us
Al: They think they should go the opposite of what I like and and they should make it more curated and more
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: More storied driven and more like less sandboxy not because I would prefer that I would actually I would dislike that more
Al: But I think that if you're
Al: competing, I mean, you're not competing with pokopia, right? They're both Nintendo, but if you're competing with pokopia
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: You want to do what you do better rather than just trying and being like we don't want animal crossing to just turn into pokopia, right?
Kevin: Yeah
Al: Because then then it wouldn't be animal crossing
Kevin: No, unless
Al: But as I've mentioned on the podcast before the problem is if they do that
Al: They'll probably have fewer sales because I think that people like what the people like
Kevin: Yeah
Al: And more people like New Horizons than did like New Leaf.
Kevin: Clearly
Al: Right? Because it's not like...
Kevin: Well, well, yeah
Kevin: I mean that that's maybe a separate conversation, but there's a lot of factors there ones on the three yes
Kevin: War one
Al: Yeah, sure, but like it's not like a 3DS sold no copies, right?
Kevin: Yeah, but and also one
Al: Like the 3DS sold 75 million. That's still a lot of a lot of units, right? Like that's not,
Al: we're not talking about the Wii U here. Anyway, let's stop talking about animal crossing.
Kevin: Yeah, that's true mom. No, I guess you're right
Kevin: Yes, let's talk about the better case
Al: So I feel like I feel like we've talked about the kind of the generics of things we talked
Al: specific interactions and personalities that we like well. Is there anything we could just spend
Al: and I were talking about every individual Pokemon, but I don't think that's interesting.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: Kevin's like, oh, I wanted to do that. Is there anything else important that we need to talk about
Al: in terms of Pokemon and their personalities and their interactions and stuff like that you think
Kevin: I'm trying to, like, not specifically at the end of trying to think, like, we covered, I think, the basics, like,
Kevin: I will say, like, in general, I mentioned it, but like,
Kevin: Pocopia is great, but environmental storytelling, which you guys talked about a lot in the last episode, right?
Kevin: And that, again, bleeds over to the, for the Pokemon, not just their habitats, like, specifically, but even the areas they spawn in,
Kevin: or, you know, what, the kind of...
Kevin: as you can have a Pokémon spawn in different areas, but like they'll be example in the
Kevin: Pokédex saying this Pokémon, it's the example habits that's in the yellow grass, so it's
Kevin: supposed to be in bleak beach or whatever.
Kevin: So it's a lot of it's just very thoughtful, but yeah, I'm not, like, narratively speaking,
Kevin: I think we've covered the basics.
Kevin: I'm trying to think, I think this, I will say, oh, you know what?
Kevin: So we talk about the NPCs, but one thing.
Kevin: I eat that is a little easier to gloss over like there's a handful of Pokemon that aren't, you know, special named NPCs, but they're still part of the story so they get a little limelight, right? Like they're requiring counters so they get extra dialogue, the Pokemon that give you missions, right?
Kevin: Hip-lup, troublesh, is a regard of origin, you know, I'm just listing off a whole bunch, but every area there's a host of Pokemon that are required encounters because they give you the missions
Kevin: so, you know, those Pokemon can certainly get extra dialogue. Like, hip-lup was fantastic. You spend a lot of time with hip-lup, but just great. And so, again, it's not a special people, it doesn't have a name, but I think it's nice that they did have a big, so even generic Pokemon.
Al: Yeah. No, I agree. Like I particularly enjoyed the the Graveler and Machoque
Al: interactions in the story as well. Like stuff like that was was was fun to encounter
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Kevin: Yeah
Al: especially with how anticlimactic that whole thing became right. It was really well done.
Kevin: It was that was great. Oh man. I'm in even the missions themselves. I mean the slow-apoke mission is is just a masterpiece
Al: I think what is what it was very ballsy having that so early in the game because I think
Kevin: Oh, I'm like
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: you could be like why are we doing this so early because it will put people off playing
Al: the game.
Al: But actually I think it just makes you like the game more because I like this is so ridiculous.
Al: I hate this.
Al: But this is also so much fun at the same time.
Kevin: Yeah, and it's it still is and and you know, you could only do that with slowpoke to start with right because I mean that literally the name
Kevin: Well, they they just lean into it and it's great and they only do it twice. It's really funny like you think they would
Kevin: Have done more missions. We have to build specific paths or whatever, but no, just the twice
Kevin: So really more than anything it just that the yeah, like it's just a positive impression of in a trash with slope book
Kevin: But, um, but yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, I can't man. I need I want DLC because I want more more of this, right? Like, I mean, the new new biomes locations or whatever, but we're going to get new characters new new Pokemon new missions. Um, that'll be. Oh, I can't wait for that.
Al: Yeah, I agree.
Al: Yeah, it'll be interesting to see what they do and like, how good they can continue being with that, right? Because, um, yeah, I don't know, um,
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: well, we'll see how it goes.
Kevin: Oh, yeah.
Kevin: Oh, um, I think.
Al: All right.
Kevin: Oh, wait, no, I promise I have to do this.
Kevin: I just want to shed anti-shout out.
Kevin: How, why?
Kevin: So, the spawn talk.
Kevin: So he's just an iPad kid.
Kevin: He's just an iPad in drinks.
Kevin: And he just lays there lazily.
Kevin: There's hilarious to me.
Kevin: Like, he's just the spoiled rotten.
Kevin: Oh, that's a required spawn for one of the missions too.
Kevin: Oh, man.
Al: Yeah. I've not I've not encountered that one actually. What was that in?
Kevin: Oh, good, good for you Omega Force.
Kevin: You thought this through great.
Kevin: Wait, oh, really?
Kevin: Have you not done the Pikachu, the post game mission?
Al: No, I haven't.
Kevin: Whoa.
Kevin: So, okay, well, um, so one of us, yeah, oh, it's a chef.
Al: There's there's a lot of like into small missions that I've not done.
Kevin: Okay, so there's one for Pikachu.
Kevin: not, I don't think it's postkin itself, but at least when you do the sparkling skylands, so after you bring pikachu, the building or whatever, I think at least that.
Kevin: You get a mission pikachu to help, because remember the story, it gave a ball of electricity to help its friends.
Kevin: Pikachu wants you to find his friends, basically.
Kevin: So you have to go to the other three areas, you go to the wastelands, the ridge, and the beach to spawn the friends.
Kevin: There's a pikachu, a toxel, and a dene, I think it is.
Kevin: And so toxel's habitat to spawn it is literally just an iPad, and I think like the party cups, or snack, or something like that.
Kevin: So it just watches the iPad, and then just eating, it's just being lazy.
Kevin: It has kind of that animation, which is laying down on site, let's get the iPad.
Kevin: So that is a fun little one.
Kevin: You should do the chef dente, post-game mission to answer the fantastic one.
Al: Yeah, I've not I've not done that yet, but it's on my list
Kevin: But I digress.
Kevin: Yeah, you should do that before you drop the game.
Kevin: But yeah, okay.
Kevin: I think I've said my piece.
Kevin: I think that could go an hour longer until it came out all the time, but I'll spare everyone.
Al: I
Kevin: The misery.
Al: Sorry, I'm sure people will be asking for that at some point. So
Kevin: That's it.
Al: We'll do we'll do our greenhouse episode, which is just cat a solo Kevin episode of Kevin talking about all of the Pokemon
Kevin: all tier tier lists of one of the Pocopia Pokedex. I'd be down. Yeah. Yeah. All right. I'll do it.
Al: Yeah, go for it go for it
Al: All right, well
Al: Thank you very much Kevin for joining me for this episode I'm sure we'll run out of Pokemon content eventually, but not yet
Kevin: No, not as long as I'm here.
Al: Is there anything you would like to share with the audience
Kevin: Um, no, just, uh, yes.
Kevin: Yeah, I've got nothing. I finally had something specific.
Kevin: No, that's, I'm good.
Al: All right, well, you can find the podcast on Tumblr and on blue sky at THS pod.
Kevin: I look up. Yeah.
Al: You can send us feedback from our website, harvidseason.club, I want you to tell me listeners
Al: what your favorite Pokemon in Pokemon is and tell me why.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: What is it that they do that you love so much?
Kevin: But in the feedback
Al: You can also find links on our website, links to everything to do with the podcast, including
Al: our patreon patreon.com
Al: you can support the podcast, get access to our slack, where we talk about lots of
Al: Well, I was asking for a POCOPIA tracking app, nobody had one.
Al: So, if you know that POCOPIA tracking app, come to me.
Kevin: If they gave you the journal, how is that not enough for you?
Al: no it is not. Are you also can get access to our bonus episodes of the podcast? Yeah, we'll have
Al: some more soon. I haven't had any for a few weeks but we'll get there. We'll add some more in soon.
Al: Maybe we should do one talking about the Super Mario Galaxy.
Kevin: Yeah, I didn't ask you about it. I know you saw it, but I haven't seen it, but I don't know what I'm going to see you. But
Kevin: Okay, I've heard things but like I made of
Al: You can ask me things if you want confirmation.
Kevin: Yeah, I mean, I I know enough that there are things just like
Kevin: Okay, it's Fox this Fox have a role in the booby. Let's say that is yours. It's just a cameo. Okay, Fox has a role. Okay. Yeah, good
Al: Yes, yes.
Kevin: Good all right. I'm down for that. Yeah, we're using the movie out
Al: All right, that's everything.
Al: Thank you, Kevin, for joining me again.
Kevin: Mmm, thank you. I
Al: Thank you, listeners, for listening,
Al: and until next time, have a good harvest.
Kevin: Good harvest
Theme Tune: The Harvest season is created by Alma Henry, with support from our patrons, including our
Theme Tune: pro farmers, Kevin Stewart, Analisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Micah the Brave and our music is done by Nick Burtis.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we discussed
Theme Tune: in this episode.
Al: Oh, goodness, I just noticed that I have a, sorry, I was literally sitting there with
Al: my, um, title bell on Pocopia waiting to see if I could see anything.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: And then, uh, who I just looked at the screen and, uh, who was just being and I'm like,
Kevin: One one! No!
Al: okay, how did I miss, how did I miss it?
Al: Fine, whatever.
Al: At least I needed one more of his rainbow feathers before I could make his, his bell.
Al: I lose track of which one's which.
Al: I had the Lujia Bell, Lujia Bell, I didn't have the whole bell yet, but that was the last
Kevin: Yeah
Al: feather I needed.
Al: So I can just sit here and wait, I've turned, what I've done, this is so, this is so very
Al: me.
Al: I have, uh, changed the, the audio settings so, so that, um, I, I'm, no, no, not, not that bad.
Kevin: You're splitting the audio six in the ear one ear the cry
Al: No, I have, I've, I've turned down.
Al: I've turned down the sound effects, and I've turned up the Pokémon cries.
Al: So the hopefully I will actually hear her or Lugia's call when they, when they come by.
Kevin: You know, it's a shame you've been playing with that audio, like, for real, though, music's great in this game.
Al: Yeah, so I haven't been doing it completely without audio like as with most games
Kevin: I think it's a genuine one.
Al: I will have it on for a little bit. I want to hear how things are
Al: But the problem is I just I do other things while I'm gaming and so I don't have the music
Kevin: Yeah, no that's fair
Al: It's the time that's just how I how I do games, but I have heard some of it
Al: And I agree with what I've heard has been nice. It's kind of it seems like it's mostly kind of music that's based on
Al: the music from the original games
Kevin: Yeah, just remixes, but they're very pleasant remixes.
Al: it's like yeah, it really makes it.
Al: Oh, yeah, yeah, absolutely.
Al: I can also, you can listen to this music without playing the game.
Al: So, like, why not?
Kevin: That's true, I do, that's sometimes it works,
Kevin: 'cause that three mile in music,
Kevin: that's a good one, it's the brain, right?